<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:c="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsp/jstl/core">
    <h:head>
        <title>Fashion Man - Terms &amp; Conditions</title>
    </h:head>
    <h:body>
        <ui:composition template="./commonLayout.xhtml">
            <ui:define name="content">
                <section class="breadcrumb-wrapper">
                    <div class="container">
                        <div class="row">
                            <div class="col-xs-6">
                                <h2>Fashion Man</h2>
                                <p>Terms &amp; Conditions</p>
                            </div>
                            <div class="col-xs-6">
                                <ol class="breadcrumb">
                                    <li><h:link outcome="index" value="Home"/></li>
                                    <li class="active">Terms &amp; Conditions</li>
                                </ol>
                            </div>
                        </div>
                    </div>
                </section>

                <section class="content eshop">
                    <div class="container">
                        <div class="row">
                            <div class="col-sm-3 hidden-xs">
                                <aside class="sidebar">

                                    <!-- WIDGET:NAVIGATION - START -->
                                    <div class="widget widget-navigation" id="scrollspy-nav">
                                        <ul class="nav nav-pills nav-stacked affix-top" id="mynav" data-spy="affix" data-offset-top="165">
                                            <li><a href="#headline-1" class="scroll">1 Your Status</a></li>
                                            <li><a href="#headline-2" class="scroll">2 Delivery</a></li>
                                            <li><a href="#headline-3" class="scroll">3 International Delivery</a></li>
                                            <li><a href="#headline-4" class="scroll">4 Returns</a></li>
                                            <li><a href="#headline-5" class="scroll">5 Faulty Products</a></li>
                                            <li><a href="#headline-6" class="scroll">6 Other Important Terms</a></li>
                                        </ul>
                                    </div>
                                    <!-- WIDGET:NAVIGATION - END -->

                                </aside>
                            </div>

                            <div class="col-sm-9">
                                <div class="default-style terms-conditions text-justify">
                                    <h2 id="headline-1">1 Your Status</h2>
                                    <p>You may only purchase Products from us if</p>
                                    <p>a) you are legally capable of entering into a binding contract with us (for example, in England and Wales you must be at least 18 years old);</p>
                                    <p>b) you are legally capable of entering into a binding contract with us (for example, in England and Wales you must be at least 18 years old);</p>
                                    <h2 id="headline-2">2 DELIVERY</h2>
                                    <p>1. Your order will be fulfilled by the delivery date set out in the Dispatch Confirmation or, if no delivery date is specified, then as soon as reasonably possible (depending on the delivery service you have selected). In any event, delivery will take place no more than 30 days after the day your Contract is entered into.</p>
                                    <p>2. If no one is available at your address to take delivery and the Products cannot be posted through your letter box or left in a safe place, after three failed attempts, we may end the Contract and clause 13 will apply.</p>
                                    <p>3. Delivery of your order will be complete when We deliver the Products to the address you gave us and the Products will be your responsibility from that time.</p>
                                    <p>4. You will own the Products once We have received payment in full.</p>
                                    <h2 id="headline-3">3 INTERNATIONAL DELIVERY</h2>
                                    <p>If you order Products from us for delivery to a destination outside the Vietnam:</p>
                                    <p>a) your order may be subject to import duties and taxes which are applied when it reaches the delivery destination. Please note that We have no control over these charges and We cannot predict their amount. You will be responsible for payment of any such import duties and taxes. Please contact your local customs office for further information before placing your order. We will not be liable or responsible if you do not pay any such import duties or taxes;</p>
                                    <p>b) you must comply with all applicable laws and regulations of the country for which the Products are destined. We will not be liable or responsible if you break any such law; and</p>
                                    <p>c) if you return any Products to us from a destination outside the UK, please ensure that the return parcel is marked clearly with the wording “Return to supplier” or wording having similar effect.</p>
                                    <h2 id="headline-4">4 RETURNS</h2>
                                    <p>1. You have a legal right to cancel a Contract if you change your mind until 14 days after you receive (or someone you nominate receives) the Products</p>
                                    <p>2. The right to cancel a Contract does not apply if the hygiene seal is not in place or has been broken.</p>
                                    <h2 id="headline-5">5 FAULTY PRODUCTS</h2>
                                    <p>1. If you are a consumer, We are under a legal duty to supply Products that are in conformity with the Contract. Nothing in these terms and conditions will affect your legal rights in relation to Products that are faulty or defective.</p>
                                    <p>2. If you consider that any Product We have supplied is faulty or mid-described, please notify us. We will refund the price of the Products and the cost of delivery to you.</p>
                                    <h2 id="headline-6">6 OTHER IMPORTANT TERMS</h2>
                                    <p>1. Nothing in these terms and conditions shall affect your rights as a consumer under the applicable law in the jurisdiction in which you are resident.</p>
                                    <p>2. If We have to contact you, We will do so by in writing or telephone, using the contact details you provided to us in your order, unless you have asked us to contact you by any other means. When We refer in these terms and conditions to “in writing”, this includes e-mail.</p>
                                    <p>3. We may change these terms and conditions from time to time. The terms and conditions that apply to your Contract will be those that are displayed on our site when you place your order.</p>
                                    <p>4. We may transfer our rights and obligations under the Contract to another organization. We will tell you in writing if this happens and We will ensure that the transfer will not affect your rights under the Contract.</p>
                                    <p>5. You may only transfer your rights or your obligations under these Terms to another person if We agree in writing.</p>
                                </div>
                            </div>
                        </div>
                    </div>
                </section>
            </ui:define>
        </ui:composition>
    </h:body>
</html>


